hello this is George again I'm gonna
showing you how to begin program the
first thing you do install the Java
development kit this program allows you
to write on Java and transfer from code
that you can understand to code the
computer can understand the first step
to do is is go to Java doc Sun calm then
under top downloads click on Java SP
which stands for Java standard edition
then you click on the one with the JDK
and you scroll down click on a set by
statement and then choose the one that
best fits your computer then we must
tell the computer where the compiler is
to do this go to your computer your
local disk program files then on Java
then the one with a JDK and unpin and
whichever one of this click on right
click it click properties copy its
location remember it has to finish
within exit this house then go start
right click on computer click on
properties click on advanced system
settings then here an environment fire
variables then you must click on new
variable name you must name this path on
the variable value you paste the
location and you click OK ok ok
mix it out of this then you must go on
to the command prompt to do this you
click CMD in your Start menu then you
click Java C
all these things should come up meaning
you have done it correctly and you're
ready to begin programming